-------------------
Module 1:
-------------------
1) Which Big SQL architecture component is responsible for accepting queries?
Master Node

2) Big SQL differs from Big SQL v1 in which of the following ways? Select all that apply.
Big SQL does not have support for HBase 
Big SQL requires the HADOOP keyword for table creation
Big SQL v1 treats single and double quotes as the same

3) In Big SQL, what is the term for the default directory in the distributed file system (DFS) where tables are stored?
Warehouse

-------------------
Module 2:
-------------------
1) What are the main data type categories in Big SQL? Select all that apply.
SQL
Declared
Hive

2) When creating a table, which keyword is used to specify the DFS directory for storing data files?
Location

3) Which human-readable Big SQL file format uses a character to separate column values?
Delimited

-------------------
Final Exam
-------------------
1) In order to use Big SQL, you need to learn several new query languages. True or false?
False

2) Which component serves as the main interface between Big SQL and Hadoop?
Scheduler

3) Officially, there are two different releases of Big SQL. True or false?
False

4) Which of the following statements is true of a partitioned table?
Query predicates can be used to avoid scanning every partition

5) Which of the following statements is true of JSqsh?
All of the above

6) Which of the following statements is true of the SQL data type?
The database engine supports the SQL data type

7) In Big SQL, the STRING and VARCHAR types are equivalent and can be used interchangeably. True or false?
False

8) What is the default Big SQL schema?
Your login name

9) Which of the following statements are true of Parquet files? Select all that apply.
Parquet files are supported by the native I/O engine
Parquet files provide a columnar storage format 
Parquet is a high-performance file format

10) Which of the following statements are true of ORC files? Select all that apply.
Individual columns can be retrieved efficiently
ORC files can be efficiently compressed 

11) Which of the following statements is NOT true of the Native I/O processing engine?
The native engine supports the delimited file format, among others

12) Which of the following statements about Big SQL are true? Select all that apply.
Big SQL comes with comprehensive SQL support
Big SQL provides a powerful SQL query rewriter
Big SQL supports all the standard join operations

13) Which keyword indicates that the data in a table is not managed by the database manager?
EXTERNAL

14) The Avro file format is more efficient than Parquet and ORC. True or false?
False

15) Which statement accurately characterizes the Big SQL data types?
ORC files can be efficiently compressed
